Add eclipse adoptium and wasmtime files (#223)
odidev/ecosystem-dashboard-for-arm: content/opensource_packages/eclipse_temurin.md

---
name: Eclipse Temurin (Eclipse Adoptium)
category: Runtimes
description: Eclipse Adoptium provides high-quality runtimes and related technology to use within the Java ecosystem. The Eclipse Adoptium project is a continuation of the original AdoptOpenJDK mission, and Eclipse Temurin is the OpenJDK distribution from Adoptium.
download_url: https://adoptium.net/temurin/releases/
works_on_arm: true
supported_minimum_version:
    version_number: 8.0.412+8
    release_date: 2024/04/18

optional_info:
    homepage_url: https://projects.eclipse.org/projects/adoptium
    support_caveats:
    alternative_options:
    getting_started_resources:
        arm_content:
        partner_content:
        official_docs: https://adoptium.net/installation/linux/
    arm_recommended_minimum_version:
        version_number:
        release_date:

optional_hidden_info:
    release_notes__supported_minimum:
    release_notes__recommended_minimum:

>     other_info: There are no release notes available for Linux/ARM64. The least version in Temurin is 8, which is available for AArch64.

Author: ```suggestion
    other_info: There are no release notes available for Linux/ARM64. The minimum supported version in Temurin for AArch64 is 8.
```
